# Portfolio
Displays my progress this semester. It will show all the modules I worked on and completed and the projects the followed with it [View my portfolio](https://jasonzhang2.github.io/Portfolio/html5up-massively/) 

## How will you continue learning about computer science?
As technology advances more and more in modern times, computer science surrounds us everyday. Nowadays computer science is incorporated into everyone's daily lives, whether it’s using our phones, laptops, and tablets or using our simple computers like washing machines or dishwashers. With computer science being so important to our lives, it is essential to learn computer sciences. Thanks to this high demand in computer science there are how many resources in computer science that we can take advantage of. Tutorial websites such as Khan Academy or CodeCademy can be great resources to use when expanding your knowledge in this field but in addition to that, there are many other great resources that can provide great lessons for computer science. Simple school courses can provide just about the most thorough walkthrough of a computer science course. In addition to school, basic online free tutorials on youtube can provide students with a great amount of information for their future learnings as well.

For me, over the past few years I developed a pretty solid foundation in computer science thanks to modules from Khan Academy, CodeCademy, the ICS3U course and many online courses I learned from. To continue my learning in computer science, I feel that I can continue to stay in this field since I will be able to take post secondary computer science courses to build on my knowledge foundation. Maybe in the future I may have a career in computer science and school can greatly impact me on learning in the future.  Besides school, online courses can also greatly impact my leanings in computer science in the future. When I first started learning computer science I watched and followed a six hour tutorial on HTML basics and that gave me my first incentive to learn computer science. Now learning JavaScript; it’s libraries, the natural simulations and incorporating it with HTML using SQL making websites interactive using Khan Academy and CodeCademy, I’ve found that I can continue to use these online courses to guide me in my future learning as they give me step by step instructions and allow me to learn at my own pace. Lastly, no matter how much I learn about coding and it’s concept, not using it in actual projects would be a waste of time so in the future I wish to get involved in more hackathons and working with others to learn more about teamwork, brainstorming, and troubleshooting coding projects as they can put my knowledge of computer science to work.

## Summarize your experience with Khan Academy
Khan Academy is an online learning platform that offers practice exercises, instructional videos, and a personalized learning dashboard which empowers students to study at their own pace as I said earlier. Khan Academy teaches math, science, history, art history, economics, and many more courses but most importantly, it teaches a variety of computer science courses. Khan Academy’s computer programming course teaches and gives students a foundation for their knowledge in JavaScript, HTML/CSS web page designing and data management. Their AP®︎/College Computer Science Principles teaches students basic trigonometric, algorithmic and many other mathematical concepts used in post secondary education. Khan Academy provides users with the most interactive learning experience possible as there are live interactive code along with tutorials, coding challenges following each lesson to ensure comprehension, and a project after each unit there is a project that will incorporate everything from the unit. In addition, there are also quizzes and tests that follow some modules to ensure comprehension.

For me, learning with  Khan Academy was an overall good experience. Before using Khan Academy, I had only the most basic knowledge of HTML which was it’s primary H and P tags. After coming in contact with Khan Academy's HTML interactive, natural simulations JS, HTML/JS web pages with jQuery, SQL and the AP Computer Science module, it taught me a lot about these popular languages and established my knowledge foundation in comp sci. Thanks to Khan Academy, when working on projects for this class, the coding aspect was easier than it would have been. When working on the hackathon, my team and I were able to import the p5 library, develop the JS animation and function of the game within a week because we understood the basics of JS thanks to our learnings from Khan Academy. Additionally, when working on the coding train project, understanding and refactoring the tic tac toe was relatively easy after working out the logic of the functions of the base code since I understood how JavaScript worked thanks to Khan Academy’s modules. Therefore my experience with Khan Academy was great as it taught me all the fundamentals of the most important computer science languages.

## What does it mean to have good programming practices?
Computer science being such a complex field, having good practices is crucial. When writing complex projects, code and algorithms, tidiness and organization can be very hard to keep track of. When unorganized, your ideas, your code and thought process can be very easily lost which makes programming very hard since it relies heavily on logic. Without good programming practices, we can often find ourselves experiencing trivial problems. Therefore good programming practices must be constantly in mind when coding.

For me personally when I am coding I often find myself making many basic mistakes. Whether it’s oftentimes repeating myself, constantly nesting, not documenting or indenting properly, I make simple mistakes all the time which often confuses me because I can’t develop a logical train of thought. Therefore to have good programming practices is to pay attention to trivial mistakes and keep your code as short and efficient as possible. When coding large projects having more code than necessary and having it be unorganized will make reading your own code and sometimes understanding yourself very difficult which makes the project take more time to develop. Thus having good programming skills means to always maximize your efficiency of the code by always documenting, indenting properly, and making your code as short as possible since it will keep you organized and make coding as easy as possible
